docs: Improve generation of documentation (#187)
inrupt/solid-client-access-grants-js: docs/api/source/index.rst

:orphan:

====================================================
@inrupt/solid-client-access-grants API Documentation
====================================================

``@inrupt/solid-client-access-grants`` is a JavaScript library for

> requesting and managing access given to an agent for a resource. These
> access grants are signed by a Solid Pod owner’s private key, which
> itself is managed by the Solid Pod server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requesting and managing access given to an agent for a resource. These
access grants are represented by Verifiable Credentials, signed by an Issuer associated to the Pod server where the resources are hosted.
```
I'm afraid the notion of Pod owner could be confusing here: the private key is managed by the Pod server's operator, and not really associated to the resource owner.

Author: oh! Good call, we need to update the README.md too then!

designed to support developers building Solid applications.

.. admonition:: Server Support
   :class: caution

   This experimental feature is currently only available in `Inrupt Enterprise
   Solid Server (ESS)
   <https://www.inrupt.com/products/enterprise-solid-server>`__.

Installation
------------

For the latest stable version of solid-client-access-grants:

.. code:: bash

   npm install @inrupt/solid-client-access-grants

Changelog
~~~~~~~~~

See `the release
notes <https://github.com/inrupt/solid-client-access-grants-js/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md>`__.

Browser Support
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Our JavaScript Client Libraries use relatively modern JavaScript
features that will work in all commonly-used browsers, except Internet
Explorer. If you need support for Internet Explorer, it is recommended
to pass them through a tool like `Babel <https://babeljs.io>`__, and to
add polyfills for e.g. ``Map``, ``Set``, ``Promise``, ``Headers``,
``Array.prototype.includes``, ``Object.entries`` and
``String.prototype.endsWith``.

Additionally, when using this package in an environment other than Node.js, you
will need `a polyfill for Node's buffer module

> <https://www.npmjs.com/package/buffer>`__.

Reviewer: Is this the case for this library too, or is it only for solid-client-authn ?

Author: I'm not certain, tbh, so I'm kinda just going with "standardise this across projects" for now
